nrf_rpc: Add command to obtain version of remote. (#19011)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/nrf_rpc/nrf_rpc_utils.rst

.. _nrf_rpc_utils:

nRF RPC utilities
#################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> The nRF RPC Utilities library allows you to use the :ref:`nrf_rpc` common useful functions on remote server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The nRF RPC Utilities library allows you to use the :ref:`nrf_rpc` common functions on remote server.
```
"useful" is a value judgement, and we try to keep that from the technical documentation.

> The nRF RPC Utilities library allows you to use the :ref:`nrf_rpc` common useful functions on remote server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This library allows you to use the common functions of the :ref:`nrfxlib:nrf_rpc` on a remote server.
```

> 

Author: @divipillai take a look into updated version. Also I think that  the `Dependencies` section is not needed as it was also skipped in other documents from nrf_rpc.

API documentation
*****************

| Header file: :file:`include/nrf_rpc/nrf_rpc_dev_info.h`

> .. doxygengroup:: nrf_rpc_dev_info

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. doxygengroup:: nrf_rpc_utils
```
I believe this broke the doc build.

Author: @peknis The header file declaring the doxygen group was located in an incorrect folder. now, the build should be fine.
